# connect-coffee

A [connect](http://senchalabs.github.com/connect/) plugin that allows CoffeeScript to be compiled and served as JavaScript.

## Usage

    npm install connect-coffee

Then when creating your Connect (or Express) server instance, give the `connect-coffee` function a directory and pass the result to the `createServer` function. Here's an example that uses `connect-coffee` in conjunction with the popular `staticProvider` module:

    connectCoffee = require 'connect-coffee'
    
    app = connect.createServer(
        connect.staticProvider(__dirname + '/public'),
        connectCoffee(__dirname + '/public')
      )
    
    app.listen 3000

In this example, calling `http://localhost:3000/favicon.ico` will serve the file `public/favicon.ico`, and calling `http://localhost:3000/myScript.js` will compile `public/myScript.coffee` and serve the result (unless `myScript.js` already exists).

## TODO

This is an early release, and I'm no expert on the intricacies of the Connect framework. So please, head over to the [Issues](http://github.com/TrevorBurnham/connect-coffee) page and raise some—or better yet, fork this project and make some pull requests!

Known stuff-that-should-be-done:

* Fine-grained control over cache expiration
* Better compilation error handling (growl notifications?)
* Concatenation/minification

## Copyright and license

Copyright (c) 2011 Trevor Burnham and made available under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php):

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
